#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.5
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   cattrs
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
    #   requests-cache
babel==2.17.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
beautifulsoup4==4.13.3
    # via nbconvert
bleach[css]==6.2.0
    # via nbconvert
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via google-auth
cattrs==24.1.3
    # via requests-cache
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   pyogrio
    #   pyproj
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
comm==0.2.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
contourpy==1.3.2
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
databricks-connect==15.4.8
    # via -r requirements.in
databricks-sdk==0.47.0
    # via databricks-connect
dbldatagen==0.4.0.post1
    # via -r requirements.in
debugpy==1.8.13
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.2.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
deprecation==2.1.0
    # via jupyter-packaging
executing==2.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.21.1
    # via nbformat
flatbuffers==25.2.10
    # via openmeteo-sdk
fonttools==4.57.0
    # via matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
geoarrow-c==0.1.2
    # via geoarrow-pyarrow
geoarrow-pandas==0.1.1
    # via keplergl
geoarrow-pyarrow==0.1.2
    # via
    #   geoarrow-pandas
    #   keplergl
geopandas==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   keplergl
    #   osmnx
google-auth==2.38.0
    # via databricks-sdk
googleapis-common-protos==1.69.2
    # via
    #   databricks-connect
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio==1.71.0
    # via
    #   databricks-connect
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.71.0
    # via databricks-connect
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via jupyterlab
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
ipykernel==6.29.5
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
ipython==9.0.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
    #   mermaid-python
ipython-pygments-lexers==1.1.1
    # via ipython
ipywidgets==8.1.5
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   keplergl
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.19.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
joblib==1.4.2
    # via scikit-learn
json5==0.10.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.23.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter==1.1.1
    # via keplergl
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyter-events==0.12.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.5
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-packaging==0.12.3
    # via keplergl
jupyter-server==2.15.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.3.6
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   keplergl
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.27.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.13
    # via ipywidgets
keplergl==0.3.7
    # via -r requirements.in
kiwisolver==1.4.8
    # via matplotlib
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.10.1
    # via seaborn
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mermaid-python==0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
mistune==3.1.3
    # via nbconvert
nbclient==0.10.2
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.6
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
networkx==3.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   osmnx
notebook==7.3.3
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   keplergl
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   contourpy
    #   databricks-connect
    #   geopandas
    #   matplotlib
    #   osmnx
    #   pandas
    #   pgeocode
    #   pyogrio
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   shapely
openmeteo-requests==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
openmeteo-sdk==1.19.0
    # via openmeteo-requests
osmnx==2.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
overrides==7.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   databricks-connect
    #   deprecation
    #   geopandas
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-packaging
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   pyogrio
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   databricks-connect
    #   geoarrow-pandas
    #   geopandas
    #   osmnx
    #   pgeocode
    #   seaborn
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pgeocode==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==11.2.1
    # via matplotlib
platformdirs==4.3.7
    # via
    #   jupyter-core
    #   requests-cache
prometheus-client==0.21.1
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.50
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
protobuf==5.29.4
    # via
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
psutil==7.0.0
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
py4j==0.10.9.7
    # via databricks-connect
pyarrow==19.0.1
    # via
    #   databricks-connect
    #   geoarrow-pandas
    #   geoarrow-pyarrow
    #   keplergl
pyarrow-hotfix==0.6
    # via geoarrow-pyarrow
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.1
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pygments==2.19.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   ipython-pygments-lexers
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
pyogrio==0.10.0
    # via geopandas
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
pyproj==3.7.1
    # via geopandas
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-json-logger==3.3.0
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via jupyter-events
pyzmq==26.3.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
requests==2.32.4
    # via
    #   databricks-sdk
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   openmeteo-requests
    #   osmnx
    #   pgeocode
    #   requests-cache
    #   retry-requests
requests-cache==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
retry-requests==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rpds-py==0.24.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
scikit-learn==1.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.15.2
    # via scikit-learn
seaborn==0.13.2
    # via -r requirements.in
send2trash==1.8.3
    # via jupyter-server
shapely==2.0.7
    # via
    #   geopandas
    #   keplergl
    #   osmnx
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   databricks-connect
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
    #   url-normalize
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.6
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via scikit-learn
tinycss2==1.4.0
    # via bleach
tomlkit==0.13.2
    # via jupyter-packaging
tornado==6.4.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   keplergl
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   traittypes
traittypes==0.2.1
    # via keplergl
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20241206
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.13.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   referencing
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
url-normalize==1.4.3
    # via requests-cache
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via
    #   requests
    #   requests-cache
    #   retry-requests
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==24.11.1
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via jupyter-server
wheel==0.45.1
    # via jupyter-packaging
widgetsnbextension==4.0.13
    # via ipywidgets

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
